Fix typos and pseudo-typos 3 (#36244)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/table_role/index.md

- `role="rowgroup"`
  - : An optional child of the table, the row group encapsulates a group of rows, similar to {{HTMLElement('thead')}}, {{HTMLElement('tbody')}}, and {{HTMLElement('tfoot')}}.
- [`role="row"`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/row_role)

>   - : A row within the table, and optionally within a rowgroup, that is a container for one or more cells, column headers, or row headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A row within the table, and optionally within a rowgroup that contains one or more cells, column headers, or row headers.
```
